(All characters, places, companies,)
(and incidents in this drama are fictitious.)
I know a warm person.
When I'm next to him,
I feel warm, like a kettle on top of a stove.
The lights-out ceremony with Hyecheon City will begin soon.
Please gather in the school grounds...
to watch the lights-out ceremony.
And like I told you earlier,
if you make a wish when the lights are out...
Who knows? When the lights come back on,
your wish may really come true.
Hae Won.
We have 10 seconds left until the lights-out ceremony.
I'll begin the countdown.
Ten,
nine,
eight,
seven,
six,
five,
four,
three,
two,
- Is... - one.
something...
Lights out.
I like you.
I like you, Eun Seop.
Well, have you all made a wish?
It's time to turn the lights back on.
Lights on.
I like you, Eun Seop.
Right...
Eun Seop.
Okay.
What?
Eun Seop. Mr. Park is here.
I told you to come... Oh, Hae Won's here too.
What are you two doing here?
I told you to gather at the school grounds.
- Let's go and talk. - What? Where?
- Let's go and talk. - Go where?
What are you doing?
Hae Won, did you just tell Eun Seop that you liked him...
and get rejected?
- No, it's... - Oh, my gosh.
Why in the world would you like Eun Seop?
Oh, my gosh!
I can't believe it!
(Episode 7: The Road to the Cottage)
Can you believe it started raining as soon as the event ended?
I know.
Hey, wasn't Hyo Joon so funny earlier?
"Hi! Hi, guys."
He hasn't changed one bit.
How long has it been since you came here?
Me? I didn't come last year...
so, two years?
Hae Won, you came here every year for the holidays, right?
- Hae Won! - What?
Oh, yes.
Wait, that's not true.
From what I heard, Hae Won didn't come here for about 3 to 4 years.
Oh, well...
I came when my grandma passed away,
during Thanksgiving, and...
By the way,
how was it with Yeong Woo today? Tell us, Hae Won.
Right! You were talking with Yeong Woo privately earlier.
Oh, he said...
- What did he say? - What did he say?
- What? - What is it?
- What did he say? - Why?
Come on, tell us!
I like you.
Okay.
Hae Won, this is Hwi.
Do you have time today?
Hey, Hae Won.
Hae Won, go sweep the garden if you're up!
There is still a lot of stuff left in the garden...
so we have to sweep the whole place clean.
It would be good for exercise.
You should do it...
Have a sip of this, Hae Won.
Hae Won, you should consider yourself really lucky.
I should?
You know, getting rejected by Eun Seop.
I saw everything.
So?
I must say, I'm kind of an expert...
at asking guys out and getting rejected.
What should I say? I have a certain know-how...
and a method to cope with this type of situation.
You have know-how?
Hae Won, when people usually get rejected...
by someone they like,
something like this crosses their minds.
What on earth did I do wrong?
No. You did nothing wrong.
Do you think so?
Of course not.
What did you do wrong?
Telling him how you feel about him. What's wrong with that?
It's not our fault.
Fine, let's say it's our fault then.
Even if we fix what we did wrong...
and go back to the people whom we liked,
can you guarantee they will like us back?
No! Even if I become the most beautiful girl in the world,
Kim Young Soo won't like me.
- Is that so? - Of course.
Those who reject you once...
have a tendency never to look back.
Hence, is that our fault...
or their fault?
It's their fault!
- So, we did... - Nothing wrong.
Bingo.
Good, now we're talking.
All right.
Forget about your damaged self-esteem.
Put it aside for now.
Let's just enjoy this yogurt. Cheers.
Mok Hae Won!
Get in.
- Hello, did you have lunch? - Yes, I did.
- We can just send this over, right? - Yes.
- Did you get the approval? - Yes, it's all good to go.
Gosh, Jang Woo.
I guess you kidnapped us because you needed our help with this.
Yes, Ji Yeon. I'll take you out for a steak dinner.
You can eat as much as you want.
Do we have to take down all the tents?
No, just take down the frames inside.
Jang Woo, wouldn't you need more people...
Yes, we need more people.
Then shall I call some friends?
Yes, you should.
Ideally, one of your close friends. And if possible,
one of those beautiful ladies...
who took time off work and came all the way here for the reunion...
Oh, I see.
Point taken.
- You two should head inside first. - Yes, ma'am.
What do you want to eat? Beef?
Tenderloin? Sirloin? Chuck flap tail? Hanging tender?
Hey. You haven't left for Gangneung yet, right?
Come out.
Eun Seop! Lim Eun Seop!
Where are you, Eun Seop?
Hey, Mr. Popular!
Let's get this done.
Hi!
Hello.
Jang Woo, you probably know the reason.
Reason for what?
Why didn't Eun Seop didn't have his graduation photo taken?
Oh, back then...
- Park Sang Won. - Here.
- Kang In Han. - Here.
Lim Eun Seop.
Lim Eun Seop?
- Eun Seop isn't here again? - No.
Hey, you.
Be quiet, will you?
- Park Jung Hee. - Here.
Eun Seop missed school often back then.
Why?
Not sure.
Actually, I never saw him in town for about three years after that.
That guy next door...
He's like a different person.
- Like a different person? - Yes.
As if he went missing for a while and came back.
That reminds me,
- I didn't see him around for years. - See?
Then he came back, served in the military,
and opened the bookstore.
You don't know why he suddenly packed up and left?
No, I don't.
The truth is,
we are close friends, but I don't know much about him.
Things like what he likes and wants and what his dreams are...
I don't know those things.
Right, a long time ago...
Nothing's precious to me.
What did you say?
Nothing is...
precious to me.
You can't think of anything that's precious to you?
Not even one thing?
That's right.
Gosh, that punk. Sit down!
Is Jung Hee here today?
- Where's Jung Hee? - I just thought he was quirky.
"He's different from other people."
Nothing's precious to him?
I guess that's true.
He's never concerned even when he loses stuff.
Oh, there's something he's very attached to. The key chain.
You know, the thing in his car.
Once, he lost it.
Eun Seop, can you tell me what you're looking for...
so that I can help you find it?
Gosh.
Gosh, that lunatic.
Eun Seop, let's go. I don't think it's here.
I'm leaving!
He ran around like a crazy person trying to find it.
I'm really leaving. Come on.
- Hey! - Hey.
Don't you remember? He used to bring it to school every day.
How would I know?
What does it look like?
A doll?
No, he made it in the metalworks class.
- Metalworks? - Yes.
You'll give it to the classmate you'll be sitting with.
It took no time because three of us did it together.
Now that this is done, let's go to the cafeteria and...
Excuse me? You said you just needed us to take down the frames.
There's a ton of food supplies left there.
- Hey, do you want to fight? - Guys, I have to go.
- What? Where's Hae Won going? - What?
- Bye, see you. - Hae Won, where are you going?
- Hae Won. - Hae Won. Oh...
Eun Sil is here. Hi, Eun Sil.
- Jang Woo, you're here too. - Yes.
I'm here.
I have to go. There's a ton of food supplies left in the cafeteria.
Just take care of that. I'm busy, so I have to go. Bye!
- Hey! - Hey, where are you going?
What's with him?
Gosh. Why did he want me to call you, then?
Me?
I think...
he has a crush on you but is scared at the same time.
Gosh.
Come with me. I have to go to the cafeteria to do some work.
- Why should I? - You're here anyway.
Your mom wants you to stop sending her letters.
Don't work so hard on it.
You'll give it to the classmate you'll be sitting with.
What?
You didn't know, right?
- Hey. - Give it back!
- You'd better give it back! - Then who will I give it to?
What?
(Mok Hae Won)
I'm not sure.
Wouldn't it be Lim Eun Seop?
Lim Eun Seop.
I made this in the metalworks class.
I'm supposed to give this to you.
Sorry.
- Oh, wait. - I'll get it.
- Eun Seop. - Yes.
You said Irene is Hwi, right?
Yes.
- Well... - I don't buy that.
It sounded like you were talking to your girlfriend.
Right? That's because...
I bet it's not Hwi.
Come on.
(Books)
I like you.
I like you, Eun Seop.
(Good Night Bookstore)
Hey.
You're not working today, right?
I remembered something.
Well...
That key chain in your car.
Is it...
the one I gave you?
You know, the metalworks class back in 12th grade.
We made key chains and exchanged them.
I was just wondering if it's the one I gave you back then.
I didn't know because of the engraved letters, but...
No, it's not that one.
What?
It's not the one you gave me.
Back then, I sat next to you,
- and I clearly remember... - You're right.
But I never gave mine to you.
- No, you didn't. - It's that.
Are you saying that thing in your car...
Yes.
It's what I made...
and never gave to you.
I see.
All right.
- By any chance... - Eun Seop.
(Good Night Bookstore)
Should I wait inside?
Yes, sure.
Okay.
(Good Night Bookstore)
You were going to meet her?
Yes.
Go inside. I'll be going.
You're early.
Yes, I had some time left.
- Here you go. - Thanks.
That's for you.
Thanks.
Go ahead and start reading it.
(Good Night Bookstore)
Eun Seop!
Eun Seop, are you busy right now?
Can you help me?
Gosh, it's too heavy.
- I'm exhausted. - Sure, Mom.
Why aren't you wearing a scarf?
- It's cold. - Give it to me.
- Did you eat? - Yes. Where does this go?
To the skating rink.
Zip up your jacket.
I just got finished and am on my way to you.
Isn't that place expensive?
Fine, I'll be right there. Hang up.
Jang Woo, come to the sashimi restaurant across the street.
Everyone is waiting.
What are you talking about?
The manager is treating us to dinner...
to celebrate the success of the event.
Well, I can't come.
Don't be like that.
Just come with me and have dinner.
It's the weekend, so I want to go home early and rest too.
- I can't. - What's with you?
By the way,
where are your friends from earlier?
- They're so pretty. - Pardon?
Bring them with you.
They worked so hard today. I'd love to pour them a drink.
- I don't think so. - What?
I don't like sashimi.
- You don't like sashimi? - No.
You seemed to like it a lot the last time.
Me? I'm vegetarian.
Since when?
I saw you eating sausages yesterday.
Since this morning.
Oh, my.
Look at the color of the meat.
Doesn't it look fresh? Eat up.
Is this...
- It's chuck flap tail. - Oh, right.
This looks so tasty too.
- It's beef tenderloin. - Beef tenderloin.
That's sirloin.
I see you brought some thick skirt?
I asked you to choose among tenderloin, sirloin,
chuck flap tail, and thick skirt.
How could you eat all four of them?
It's delicious. Try it, Jang Woo.
I don't have much of an appetite.
You don't have much of an appetite?
Just eat it.
Jang Woo, don't you have a girlfriend?
What?
Me? No, I don't.
But you did have a girlfriend for a while.
For a couple of years, right?
What about that supermarket girl called Jeong Hyeon A?
I thought you guys were getting close.
- No, we weren't. - Really?
I was so sure.
When are you going back, by the way?
I don't want to go back at all.
I hate having to go back to work!
Gosh, you work in the Gangneung city hall.
You complain too much.
Consider yourself lucky and work hard.
Stop taking days off...
just to wander around this town.
That reminds me.
There's a project I'm planning right now.
It's called wandering routes.
In the City of Hyecheon, we'll create something...
- like the Jeju Olle Trail... - Hey.
Cut it out.
You'd been complaining about how busy you were...
with the Joint Reunion preparation until a few days ago.
And it's finally over, you idiot.
Jang Woo, you must be a workaholic.
Do you love work so much?
Yes, I do.
I think it's super fun.
To see people enjoy...
what I've only imagined.
Excuse me!
- One portion of thin flank, please! - Sure.
Hey, they don't bring the meat to the table here. Get it yourself.
You two really can eat a lot.
(Good Night Bookstore)
("Traveling After a Breakup")
"Traveling After a Breakup".
I went to Sandeul Bookstore to buy that book,
but Mr. Park told me...
you already bought that book.
Yes, I did. You mean the one from the independent publisher, right?
Yes, I'd love to buy that book.
I think it costs around 18 dollars.
I'll check and let you know.
If you text me your address, I'll send it to...
No.
I'd love to come and have a look before buying it.
Will your bookstore be open this weekend?
Yes, it will be.
Then I'll stop by this Sunday evening.
Can I do that?
Sure, you can do that.
See you then.
One more thing, Eun Seop.
Well, I'm wondering...
if Hae Won works there on weekends too.
No, she doesn't.
Right. That's a relief.
She hates me so much.
I was worried things would get awkward.
I see.
See you on Sunday.
All right.
Is it you?
I'm sorry to keep you waiting.
Don't worry.
Is it because there's only one?
They put so much care into this book.
I've only read the beginning, and I already like it.
("Traveling After a Breakup")
I'm curious.
Can you tell me more about this book?
Well...
A couple goes on a trip after they break up.
While they were still together,
they saved up some money to go on a trip together someday.
They go on a trip after they break up?
Together?
No, separately.
Really?
And then? What happens?
"The bookstore was warm..."
"and the winter fields in the darkness..."
"filled the grids on the glass door like landscape photos."
"Things in darkness were dark..."
Hae Won, come eat!
"and shiny things shined more..."
"each in their own peaceful way."
(Announcement for Book Club Gathering)
What do you think?
(The bookstore was warm...)
It's nice.
- Really? - Yes.
Then shall we use this as the introduction on the website?
- Hae Won. - Yes?
Can we add something at the end?
What?
"So, I wish everyone..."
"a very, very good night."
Let's go!
- Good morning. - Hello.
Hi.
Move!
Hurry up, let's go.
Hey.
Thanks.
Excuse me.
I have stopped liking you since two days ago.
I'm just letting you know. Goodbye, then.
See you.
Stop.
Why have you suddenly stopped liking me?
Well, it's a bit complicated. So simply put,
you should consider it as a matter of pride.
- Okay. - Why?
Are you disappointed to find out...
that I don't like you anymore?
No.
It feels a bit strange,
but I'm not disappointed. Thanks.
Out of the way!
- Hello? - It's me, Eun Seop.
- What is it? - Don't...
Don't come to work today.
What?
I don't think I'll be opening the bookstore today.
Maybe...
until tomorrow or the day after.
Okay.
Bye.
(Good Night Bookstore)
Eun Seop.
Eun Seop!
Darn.
Shoot.
Mok Hae Won. Hae Won?
My goodness.
Hey.
Where have you been all morning?
What is wrong with you?
What?
Why do you...
Why do you raise a dog?
What?
Don't you know how sad our family was after Hodu died?
How could you raise another dog?
But that's Hodu's son.
So what? Do you have to raise it if it's a son?
My mom didn't even raise me. Is a son that important?
And what kind of name is Gunbam for a dog?
What's wrong with that name...
Why is his name Gunbam?
I bet even he hates his own name.
What kind of shabby name is Gunbam?
It sounds so shabby and lousy.
What on earth... is wrong with her?
Hey...
Goodness.
(One step more!)
Hey, Ms. Kim.
What are you doing? You're not going to the office?
I have some time left until my class.
I came for a cup of tea.
I see. Have a good day.
What is this book?
It must be a nice book. It has a unique title too.
Well...
I haven't finished it yet either.
Really? I'll be at the office then.
- I'll see you later. - Okay, bye.
("Traveling After a Breakup")
Yes? Mr. Lim from the bookstore?
Eight hours. Okay?
- You can go now. - Okay.
- See you. - This is the pharmacy.
Hi, Su Jeong.
- Wait, Geun Sang. - Yes?
Tonight's book club gathering has been canceled.
Seung Ho, your grandpa will be here in an hour.
- You can stay with me. - Okay.
Seung Ho!
Tonight's book club gathering has been canceled.
Go tell your grandpa.
Okay, Mr. Bae.
Wait, Mr. Bae.
Why has it been canceled?
Ms. Jang?
Okay.
Does Hae Won know?
She probably does, since she works there.
- Okay. - Oh, Myeong Yeo.
At the reunion,
Sang Ho told me that Yun Taek...
got a divorce.
What about it?
What?
Whether he's divorced or not has nothing to do with me.
I have to go.
Eun Seop?
Goodness.
Eun Seop.
Are you still asleep?
Gosh.
Mom...
Hi, Mom.
What... Hey!
Gosh, you fool.
Seriously! Get up at once.
- You're coming home with me. - I'm okay, Mom.
I can't believe you didn't even call me until you got this sick.
- Gosh, why must you do this to me? - Mom.
Why are you doing that?
We have plenty of firewood.
Hey, the book club gathering has been canceled.
I know.
Why did it get canceled though?
Eun Seop isn't feeling well.
What? He's not feeling well?
Well, I heard he has a bad cold.
Gosh.
Darn it!
"Darn it"?
What...
Goodness.
Mom! Dad!
Mom, where are you?
Come on out.
Mom, is he very ill?
What's wrong with him? Did something happen?
I have no idea.
He didn't say anything to me until he was that sick.
- Gosh, that crazy fool. - Crazy fool.
Mom, are you concocting herbal medicine...
for Eun Seop right now?
What else can I do?
He won't go to the hospital or take regular medicine.
He listens to me regarding everything else,
so I don't know why he always refuses to take medicine.
It's just like how Dad always refuses to ask for directions...
when he's going somewhere...
where he's not familiar with.
Also, you totally ignored me when I asked you to make me...
the medicinal tea to help me study.
But for Eun Seop...
You two are different.
What do you mean? We're both your children!
Oh, boy. My dear wife and daughter, I'm home.
I'll tell Dad on you.
- You can't leave your bike outside. - Sure, tell him all you want.
Dad! Mom keeps scolding me.
Why? What's the problem now?
Go inside.
Mom only cares about Eun Seop.
Gosh, my feelings are so hurt.
- I want to move out soon. - What's going on?
Did something happen?
She seems really upset.
I'm just...
reminded of that time.
The time when Eun Seop disappeared for a while...
and came back.
He refused to take medicine...
or see a doctor.
That's exactly what he's doing now.
Back then,
I thought we'd lose him.
Don't try so hard.
He'll never say...
what you want to hear.
He won't.
He keeps everything to himself, you know.
He doesn't need to say it.
But you wanted to hear it.
No, I don't.
And I don't need to hear it.
Well, all right. Forget it, then.
A million roses
Gosh, stop it.
I will give them to you
Gosh, it's so cold!
Hey.
You don't have to work today?
No, I don't.
How does it taste?
What?
I cooked for the first time in a while,
so I just wasn't sure.
I don't know.
Well, it's good.
What?
You see...
I want to ask you something because I'm really curious.
Will you answer my question?
Sure, fire away.
Are you not feeling well or something?
No, I'm fine.
(Peaceful, Prosperous Gangwon)
(Department of Culture, Sports, and Tourism)
I'll go over it again at our next meeting.
- Okay, well done. - Thank you.
- Keep up the great work. - Will do.
Ji Yeon went to see her in-laws.
That's why I'm here to drop these off.
You have to memorize everything, okay?
These here are cucumber salad and seasoned dried pollack.
They're for you.
And these are seasoned spinach and bracken fern.
They're for Ji Yeon.
This pile here is for Hae Won.
It's mustard green kimchi and... What was the other one?
I don't remember.
These are for So Min. She's getting three.
These are all for Jung Hee. These four from here to here.
And these are for Eun Seop. This, this, and this.
Are you listening?
Do you remember everything?
Yes.
The cucumber salad and seasoned dried pollack are mine.
The spinach and bracken fern are for Ji Yeon's family.
The mustard green kimchi and the other thing are for Hae Won.
These 3 here are for So Min, and these 4 are for Jung Hee.
And these three here...
are for Eun Seop's family.
Wow. I guess you didn't cheat your way into...
Seoul National University after all.
All right. Anyway, make sure everyone gets these.
I'll get going. Sorry to bother you at work.
Put them in here.
Here you go.
By the way, is there a space to store this?
I'm done for the day, so I can just take it now.
Why are you leaving already?
I'm taking the afternoon off.
Why? Are you not feeling well either?
You don't look sick.
I'm not sick. I'm fine,
but I want to go home and get some rest.
I see. Be careful not to catch a cold.
I heard Eun Seop is very sick with a bad cold.
Everyone's talking about it.
Oh, Eun Seop is sick?
Anyway, all right. Bye.
Oh, right. Jang Woo.
Yes? What?
What did we eat yesterday?
Thin flank and chuck flap tail.
Yes, that's right.
If you tell anyone again that I had a crush on you...
and spread false rumors,
your chuck flap tail and thin flank...
had better watch out.
I'm off. Bye!
All right, bye.
Gosh, she's scary.
That was so scary.
Jin Ho.
Ms. Yun, I'm here.
Hi, Jang Woo.
I brought some side dishes from Eun Sil's store.
- She called me. - She did?
- Yes. - All right.
Can you set Eun Seop up with one of your colleagues?
Eun Seop is not interested in dating anyone.
Eun Seop, Jang Woo is here!
Eun Seop!
Why isn't he answering? Eun Seop!
Ms. Yun, Eun Seop is not here.
Eun Seop!
Are you in there?
(Good Night Bookstore)
Eun Seop!
Is Eun Seop in there?
Oh, Hae Won. Well...
It doesn't seem like it, does it?
Okay.
- He disappeared? - Yes, all of a sudden.
Have you seen him today?
No, I haven't.
Where could he be?
I heard he's sick.
Yes, he is.
He's rarely sick.
And he disappeared?
I know. I wonder where he went.
- Have you tried calling him? - No.
It seems like he left his phone at home.
Is he in the mountains or something?
I invited all my friends, and I told my mom...
(Park Hin Dol, Sandeul Bookstore)
- For hours... - By yourself?
Oh, hello.
How are you, Mr. Park?
Is Eun Seop at your bookstore by any chance?
I see.
Okay. Bye.
Seriously, there are...
(Eun Seop's friends)
Mom, he's definitely in the mountains.
What if he isn't?
He is. I'm 100 percent sure.
Every time he disappears and gets out of reach,
where does he go?
To the mountains.
Hi, Ji Yeon.
It's Eun Seop's mom.
I'm wondering if you've seen Eun Seop today.
Oh, you're at your in-laws' place?
My goodness.
If you see him,
can you give me a call?
- Hello. - Who is it?
- Hi! - She sounds so excited.
Turn down the volume, will you?
I don't know what you're worried about.
Mom, you don't have to worry about him.
I'm sure he feels fine now.
That's why he went there.
Like a sparrow who can't just pass by a mill.
"Hello, I'm wondering if there's something to eat."
When Dad comes home,
let's go look for him in the mountains,
the three of us.
Why? I can't be bothered.
Your brother is missing. Aren't you worried a bit about him?
- He'll get back eventually. - Gosh!
- I don't know what to do with you. - Mom, stop!
- Let me pour you one. - What are you talking about?
My goodness. Pay first.
I'll pay for it later.
- You're not home. - Be quiet. It's my wife.
Hi.
- You want to go there right now? - Come on.
The village head told us to wait. We'll get in trouble.
Tell her you're in the middle of something.
I can't come right now.
Why would you drink until you get drunk?
Tell her you can't come. You have to stay.
What's the point of drinking if I don't get drunk?
He's missing.
I can't find him anywhere or even reach him.
How drunk are you?
You can't even walk?
Hey, I have to take a rain check on the claw machine room.
Eun Seop is in the mountains again.
If I go out right now, my mom will faint.
Gosh, why does he have to worry us like this?
You saw how high his fever was.
How could you go out and drink?
I'm not sure.
I could really use some rest, but the manager wanted me to come in.
Hello.
I'll probably be stuck here for at least 2, 3 hours.
Should I talk to the manager?
No, that's unnecessary.
Don't worry.
I'm sure he's in the mountains. He'll be back soon.
He can't help going to the mountains once in a while.
He'll be fine. He's a grown man.
Ma'am, I work in the city government.
You could try calling the airport's public service center.
Yes, ma'am. Goodnight.
What is he saying? Bye.
Hwi, is it you? I want to ask you something.
Is the cottage where Eun Seop goes far from here?
No.
If you follow the trail,
it takes only about 30 minutes.
The only problem is that the trail is pretty rough.
You're not going there right now, are you?
You can't.
Look at the sky.
It's completely covered with dark clouds.
If you go there alone and it starts raining, you might die.
Okay. Don't worry.
I'm not going there.
Never.
Eun Seop!
When I was little,
my mom left me alone in the house from time to time.
And on those days,
I felt anxious all day long for some odd reason.
Eun Seop!
When I was looking for you earlier,
I felt exactly the same way.
Eun Seop!
Some people never share their worries their entire lives.
They build their own cottage inside their hearts...
and never leave that cottage all their lives.
Even when they feel lonely, they never admit it.
Actually, they'd rather dwell in their loneliness.
They like being alone...
more than their families.
Humans are dumber than beasts.
Why?
They keep becoming stupid because they like something.
Does that book say so?
("Into the White Night")
When they like something,
they keep leaping forward even when they know they'll die.
How stupid.
Stupid.
Then they can stop liking something.
Eun Seop.
They can stop offering their hearts.
They can give up on the happiness...
they'll gain from liking something.
Since happiness and misery...
are like two sides of a coin.
If you don't become happy,
you won't become miserable either.
If you don't have something in the first place,
you won't lose it either,
Hae Won.
You can...
disappear forever so that that person will never see you.
(Good Night Bookstore Private Blog Posting)
(Irene told me, "I like you.")
(I froze in that spot and couldn't say anything.)
(Is this what you call a time that feels like an eternity?)
(With those words from her mouth,)
(the whole universe, including me, came to a stop.)
(I barely pulled myself together, but all I could say was "Okay.")
(What on earth have I done? It's such a bitter night.)
(When the Weather is Fine)
Don't ever come up here again.
Even if I'm sick.
Even if I never go back down.
All I have to do is accept the fact...
that you don't like me.
But it's so hard to do that.
- I have to go somewhere today. - Where?
I have something to do in Seoul.
Why do you look so pale? Did you catch a cold?
I'll feel better soon.
Take this.
What will you do for me then?
Do I really have to do something?
I want you to answer me.
Tell me how you feel about me liking you.